Documentation for Azure Monitor scaler (#82)
kedacore/keda-docs: content/scalers/azure-monitor.md

+++
fragment = "content"
weight = 100
title = "Azure Monitor"
background = "light"
+++

Scale applications based on Azure Monitor metrics.

> **Availability:** ?? | **Maintainer:** Community

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Availability:** 1.3 | **Maintainer:** Community
```

Author: Done!

<!--more-->

### Trigger Specification

This specification describes the `azure-monitor` trigger that scales based on an Azure Monitor metric.

```yaml
triggers:
  - type: azure-monitor
    metadata:
      resourceURI: Microsoft.ContainerService/managedClusters/azureMonitorCluster
      tenantId: xxx-xxx-xxx-xxx-xxx
      subscriptionId: yyy-yyy-yyy-yyy-yyy
      resourceGroupName: azureMonitor
      metricName: kube_pod_status_ready
      metricFilter: namespace eq 'default'
      metricAggregationInterval: "0:1:0"
      targetValue: "1"
      activeDirectoryClientId: CLIENT_ID_ENV_NAME
      activeDirectoryClientPassword: CLIENT_PASSWORD_ENV_NAME
```

> The `activeDirectoryClientId` value is the name of the environment variable your deployment uses to get the active directory client id. The `activeDirectoryClientPassword` value is the name of the environment variable your deployment uses to get the active directory client password. This is usually resolved from a `Secret V1` or a `ConfigMap V1` collections. `env` and `envFrom` are both supported.

Author: Good call. Will do

> The `activeDirectoryClientId` value is the name of the environment variable your deployment uses to get the active directory client id. The `activeDirectoryClientPassword` value is the name of the environment variable your deployment uses to get the active directory client password. This is usually resolved from a `Secret V1` or a `ConfigMap V1` collections. `env` and `envFrom` are both supported.

Reviewer 2: Thanks!

**Parameter list:**

- `resourceURI` is the shortened URI to the Azure resource. The format is `"<resourceProviderNamespace>/<resourceType>/<resourceName>"`. Required. 
- `tenantId` is the tenant id for the Azure resource. Used for authentication. Required.
- `subscriptionId` is the subscription id for the Azure resource. Used for determining the full resource URI. Required.
- `resourceGroupName` is the resource group for the Azure resource. Required.

> - `metricName` is the name of the metric. Must be an officially supported metric from https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/platform/metrics-supported. Required.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `metricName` is the name of the metric. Must be an officially supported metric  found in the [official documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/platform/metrics-supported). Required.
```

> - `metricFilter` is used to define a more specific part of the resource. You can filter by supported dimensions of the metric found in https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/platform/metrics-supported. Optional.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `metricFilter` is used to define a more specific part of the resource. You can filter by supported dimensions of the metric found in the [official documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/platform/metrics-supported). Optional.
```

- `metricAggregationInterval` is the collection time of the metric. Reported in the format `"mm:hh:ss"`. The default value is `"0:5:0"` (5 minutes). Optional.

> - `metricAggregationType` is the aggregation method of the Azure monitor metric. Some possible values include Average, Total, Maximum. Based on what is supported in https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/platform/metrics-supported. No default. Required.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `metricAggregationType` is the aggregation method of the Azure monitor metric. Some possible values include `Average`, `Total`, `Maximum` with a full list in the [official documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/platform/metrics-supported). No default. Required.
```

- `targetValue` is the target value for the Azure metric to use in the HPA. Required.
- `activeDirectoryClientId` is the name of the environment variable that contains the client id. Optional. Required when `TriggerAuthentication` is not provided. 
- `activeDirectoryClientPassword` is the name of the environment variable that contains the client password. Optional. Required when `TriggerAuthentication` is not provided.

### Authentication Parameters

You can use `TriggerAuthentication` CRD to configure the authentication by providing a set of Azure Active Directory credentials.

**Credential based authentication:**

- `activeDirectoryClientId` - Active Directory client id.
- `activeDirectoryClientPassword` - Active Directory client password.

> The user will need access to read data from the Azure resource.

Author: @tomkerkhove Added the details in the most recent commit. Let me know if you think it should be rephrased.

> The user will need access to read data from the Azure resource.

Reviewer 2: LGTM, thanks!
